Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/starullo/pen/eYZYYyo?editors=1100


<!--
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML markup that is meant to add semantic meaning to elements. When you 
    add semantic HTML, you may not be able to see the difference on a screen,
    but it adds meaning to each element.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    For the organization, content,and structure of web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes provide additional information about elements used in HTML. They're put in
    the elements open tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The main heading of a page. It should ony be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title of the page, character set, styles, links, scripts

    7. What is an id? 
    A unique name given to an element in html

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All html elements in the body

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once 

    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute that specifies one or more html elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All html elements in the body

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target_blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Providing a description of the image for screen readers, or for when the image can't load

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #(id name)

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section provides semantic meaning- anything in a section is grouped together and has a common theme. The same
    is not necessarily true for a div

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Providing style to your web page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You just put the name of the element followed by curly brackets. h2 {style rules}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    You would use a class when you want to style more than one element in a similar way. You would give an element 
    an id when you want to create a link to that element from somewhere else on the page.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .(name of class)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    div > p would select all p elements that are DIRECT children of a div element. It'd be useful if you wanted
    to select only the p elements that are direct children of div elements, and not p elements that are further nested
    inside the div (if there were any)

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A way to specifically select elements in css- like if they're direct children of an element, or the 3rd child
    of an element, or the only type of that element, etc.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    You'd put "text-transform" and then uppercase, lowercase, or capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted black 1px;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {style rules}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- your comment -->

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm   You have to be careful because it's permanent, and doesn't give you a warning

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because with version control you're able to go back and see your changes to more easily identify
    where you made a mistake so you can fix it.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Whenever you finish a "step" in your code, or about every 20 minutes or so

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Create your own version of the repository by forking it.
    2. Add the team leader as a collaborator on the forked repo.
    3. Click on "clone or download" button so you can copy a link of the repo to put in your command line.
    4  In the terminal command line, go into the directory you want to clone the forked repo. (git clone *link*)
    5. Change directories (cd) to make sure you're in your repo by putting in cd *repo name*
    6. Create your own branch name for the repo by putting git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' into the command line
    7. Start working on assignment
    8. Every 20 minutes or so type in  git add .  in the command line, so your changes are ready to be committed
    9. In the command line, enter  git commit -m "(A message explaining what you did)"
    10. Push changes you made on the repo onto your repo on github by entering git push -u origin branch name  into 
    the command line
    11. Go to your forked repo on the github website, select your branch, and click on the "new pull request" button
    12. On the "pull request page", make sure "base repository" is set to your forked repo instead of the original repo
    13. Add your team leader to "reviewers" and submit the pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? -->
